Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH YU-GI-OH 5D'S!
Akiza: WHERE ARE YOU, MISTY?
Misty: GLAD YOU COULD MAKE IT,
BLACK ROSE.
COME ON IN.
WELCOME TO MY HALL OF MIRRORS.
I WAS HOPING
WE COULD REFLECT ON THE PAST.
AH!
THERE'S NO GOING BACK, AKIZA.
IF YOU REALLY WANT TO SEAL
THE CONTROL TOWER
SO THAT YOU CAN PLAY
GOODIE-TWO-SHOES
AND SAVE THE WORLD,
THEN YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO MAKE YOUR WAY THROUGH
MY LITTLE MAZE.
YOU DON'T SCARE ME,
MISTY. BRING IT!
Both: LET'S DUEL!
AKIZA! MINA! HUH?
MINA?
MINA, CAN YOU HEAR ME?!
HUH?
PSYCHIC SWORD!
NO WAY!
YOU'RE A PSYCHIC DUELIST?
YES!
AND I CAN SEE THAT
YOUR FUTURE IS GONNA
GET CUT SHORT.
HA HA!
YOU SEE EVERY SAD STORY
NEEDS A GUT-WRENCHING CLIMAX
FULL OF HEARTBREAK
AND LOSS.
SO I'M ACTIVATING
THE ATROCIOUS DAY
SPELL CARD FROM MY HAND.
REMEMBER WHEN YOU LOST CONTROL
AND TORE UP DOWNTOWN DOMINO?
TOBY WENT TO SEE
YOU DUEL THAT DAY...
AND I NEVER SAW HIM AGAIN.
[GRUNTING]
UH! ARGH!
Agent: AKIZA IS DESTINED
FOR GREATNESS.
SHE CAN'T BE WASTING HER TIME
WITH YOU.
HOPE YOU CAN SWIM.
THIS IS BAD.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT SAYER
WOULD LIE TO ME,
BUT IF IT'S TRUE...
IF I HURT HER BROTHER...
WHO ELSE COULD
I HAVE HURT?
AH!
OH!
IT'S ME, AKIZA.
SAYER!
WHEN YOU FIRST
CAME TO ME,
I COULD SENSE
THAT YOUR TRUE POWER
WAS TOO MUCH
FOR YOU TO HANDLE.
BUT YOUR TRUE POWER
CAN BE AWOKEN WITH
ONE LITTLE SENTENCE.
AKIZA, DID YOU HEAR?
"THE ENTRANCE
TO THE NETHERWORLD
IS ON THE WITCH'S ISLAND."
AH!
HA HA!
THAT'S MY GIRL,
RIGHT THERE!
NOW DUEL THIS PATHETIC CRETIN
AND SHOW THE WORLD
YOUR REAL POWER!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Leo: HEY, LUNA,
WHAT'S WITH THE DOME?
AKIZA'S DUEL
MUST HAVE STARTED.
I HOPE SHE'S WINNING...
FOR ALL OUR SAKES.
HA HA!
BLACK ROSE DRAGON...
TAKE OUT MISTY'S
DRAGON QUEEN OF TRAGIC ENDINGS!
[SCREAMING]
WHOA!
UH-OH, THAT ATTACK
WAS LIKE REAL.
AND THAT MEANS AKIZA'S
USING HER PSYCHIC POWERS
AGAIN!
IT'S YOUR MOVE MISTY.
THAT POWER YOU POSSESS,
THAT'S WHY MY BROTHER
WENT LOOKING FOR YOU...
AND I'M SURE THAT'S WHY
HE WENT MISSING.
ITS TIME FOR YOU TO PAY
FOR WHAT YOU DID!
COME FORTH
ANCIENT SEAL!
THERE IS NO ESCAPE
FOR YOU NOW!
AH!
OH!
HA HA!
WHEN WILL
THESE DARK SIGNERS LEARN
THAT THEY CANNOT CONTROL
THE UNCONTROLLABLE?
NOW EDUCATE THEM, AKIZA!
HA HA!
TRUDGE! WE'RE NOT GETTING
ANY DRIER DOWN HERE!
STOP YOUR YAPPING, YUSEI,
ITS NOT HELPING!
AH! JACK! IF YOU CAN
HEAR ME, HELP!
DID SHE SAY JACK?!
RARH!
HA HA. I KNEW
YOU COULD DO IT!
I GOTTA FIND AKIZA!
YUSEI, HOLD UP!
MISTY THINKS THAT AKIZA
HAS SOMETHING TO DO WITH
HER MISSING BROTHER.
MISSING BROTHER?
THAT CAN'T BE TRUE.
I KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN,
BUT AKIZA SAID MISTY'S
OUT TO GET HER.
IT'S MY MOVE AKIZA.
I DRAW.
BUT DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF MY SAD STORY SPELL COMBO,
THE CARD I PICKED IS RETURNED TO
MY DECK AND THEN RESHUFFLED.
BUT WHO NEEDS
TO DRAW A CARD
IN ORDER TO CALL
A MONSTER TO THE FIELD
WHEN I CAN SIMPLY SEND
MY SORROWFUL MEMORIES SPELL
TO THE GRAVEYARD
AND BRING OUT MY DRAGON QUEEN
OF TRAGIC ENDINGS.
AND NOW THAT I HAVE THE POWER
OF MY DRAGON QUEEN IN PLAY,
I THINK I'LL GIVE HER
A LITTLE MAKEOVER!
SO I PLAY THE EQUIP SPELL
REPTILANNE RAGE!
THIS GIVES MY DRAGON
A WHOLE NEW LOOK
TO THE TUNE OF 2,700
ATTACK POINTS!
NOW ATTACK AND TAKE OUT
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
NOT SO FAST, MISTY!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP,
ROSE BLIZZARD!
AND SINCE MY MONSTER
WAS THE TARGET
OF YOUR DRAGON,
NOT ONLY DOES THE
ATTACK GET BLOCKED
BUT YOUR BEAST
GETS SWITCHED
INTO DEFENSE MODE!
YOU MAY HAVE MANAGED
TO ELUDE MY ATTACK,
BUT TRUST ME, BLACK ROSE,
NEXT TIME YOU WON'T BE SO LUCKY.
THIS DUEL'S
SUPER INTENSE.
Yusei: LEO, LUNA!
YUSEI!
AKIZA'S DUELING.
BUT NOT THE NICE AKIZA,
THE MEAN SCARY AKIZA.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
LOOK AT HER...
IT'S LIKE THE BLACK ROSE
IS TRYING TO MAKE A COMEBACK
OR SOMETHING...
AKIZA, WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE FRIEND I KNEW?
HA HA!
NOW AKIZA, FINISH HER!
USE THE POWERS I UNLEASHED.
HA HA!
HUH?
WAIT A SECOND.
IT'S OK.
YOU TRIED.
I'M WITH THE PUBLIC
SECURITY BUREAU. SEE?
HOW COULD I HAVE LET
THAT DISGUISE FOOL ME?
YOU TWO STAY RIGHT HERE.
HEY, WHERE YOU GOIN'?
IT'S MY MOVE, MISTY.
I DRAW!
AND NEXT I REMOVE
ROSE FAIRY IN MY
GRAVEYARD FROM PLAY,
SO THAT I CAN ACTIVATE
BLACK ROSE DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
[ROAR]
NOW, NOT ONLY IS
YOUR DRAGON QUEEN
OF TRAGIC ENDINGS
FORCED INTO ATTACK MODE,
BUT ITS ATTACK POINTS
BECOME ZERO!
YOU'LL PAY FOR THAT!
ON THE CONTRARY.
NOW THAT I HAVE UNLOCKED
AKIZA'S TRUE POWERS,
THE ONLY ONE PAYING WILL BE YOU,
DARK SIGNER!
AND PAY YOU SHALL.
UH!
Sayer: YUSEI!
HOW DID YOU MANAGE
TO ESCAPE MY TRAP?
HA HA!
BLACK ROSE DRAGON,
ATTACK!
THAT WAS QUITE
THE TRAGIC ENDING
FOR YOUR DRAGON,
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE
ABOUT TO LOSE.
THE ONLY ONE LOSING ANYTHING
AROUND HERE IS YOUR
BLACK ROSE DRAGON.
YOU SEE, BY REMOVING
MY REPTILLIANNE ANGER
FROM THE GAME,
YOUR BEAST LOSES
800 ATTACK POINTS.
WELL, THEN, I HAD
BETTER PLANT MYSELF
A LITTLE DEFENSE!
AND NOW THAT I HAVE
MY DARK VERGER IN PLACE,
I'LL TURN IT OVER
TO YOU.
COME ON, AKIZA.
YOU HAVE TO FOCUS
AND END THIS BEFORE...
BEFORE THE SUN SETS.
WHY ARE YOU HERE, SAYER?
WHAT DO YOU WANT WITH AKIZA?
IT'S QUITE SIMPLE.
I WANT REVENGE
FOR WHAT THE DARK
SIGNERS DID TO ME
AND THE
ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
AND AKIZA'S GOING
TO MAKE THAT REVENGE
POSSIBLE.
BUT SHE'S NOT
THAT PERSON ANYMORE!
SHE'S WHO I SAY SHE IS,
AND RIGHT NOW
I SAY SHE'S A ONE WOMAN
ARMY WHO WILL OBEY
MY EVERY ORDER
UNTIL MY WAR WITH THE
DARK SIGNERS IS OVER.
LEAVE AKIZA
OUT OF THIS, SAYER!
SHE'S THROUGH WITH
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT!
DID YOU SAY "THROUGH,"
YUSEI?
SHE'S THROUGH
WITH NOTHING
UNTIL I SAY SHE IS.
AND I'M NEVER
LETTING HER GO!
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT!
ARGH!
DON'T YOU SEE THAT
CONTROLLING PEOPLE IS WRONG?
SOME PEOPLE
NEED DIRECTION
SO THEY DON'T HURT
OTHERS OR THEMSELVES,
AND AKIZA HAS ALWAYS
NEEDED SOMEONE
TO GUIDE HER
TO HELP KEEP CALM
AND FOCUSED...
SO EVEN THOUGH SHE IS
UNDER MY CONTROL,
IT IS BECAUSE OF ME
THAT SHE WILL FINALLY
BE FREE
TO UNLEASH
ALL HER TRUE POWERS,
AND THAT IS SOMETHING
WHICH YOU COULD NEVER
GIVE HER.
YOU'RE PATHETIC.
NO, BUT THIS ONE
OVER HERE IS.
THIS MISTY INDIVIDUAL
HAS LET THE HATE
SHE HAS FOR AKIZA
CLOUD HER ABILITY
TO THINK CLEARLY.
WHY ELSE WOULD SHE
ENTER INTO A SHADOW DUEL
WITH A PSYCHIC DUELIST
WHERE THE OUTCOME
IS CERTAIN DEFEAT?
AND ALL OF THIS TO
FIND OUT THE TRUTH
ABOUT HER LITTLE
BROTHER'S DISAPPEARANCE.
HUH?
THERE AREN'T
MANY SOLID LEADS
ON THE WHEREABOUTS
OF MISTY'S BROTHER.
IN FACT, THERE IS
WIDE SPECULATION
THAT THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT
MAY HAVE BEEN PROVIDING
FALSE INFORMATION
TO THE INVESTIGATORS.
SO IT WAS YOUR LIES
THAT DROVE MISTY TO
BECOME A DARK SIGNER.
MISTY CHOSE TO BELIEVE
WHAT SHE WANTED
TO BELIEVE.
SHE WANTED AN ANSWER,
ANY ANSWER.
AND IN THE END
THE ANSWER SHE
CHOSE TO BELIEVE
WAS THAT AKIZA
WAS TO BLAME.
TO BLAME?
I THINK WE KNOW
WHO'S TO BLAME.
OR ARE YOU GOING TO CONTINUE
TO LIVE A LIFE OF LIES?
HUH?
YOU'RE THE ONE
RESPONSIBLE
FOR MISTY'S BROTHER'S
DISAPPEARANCE.
IF SO, WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?
IT'S MY MOVE, AKIZA!
AND I SUMMON REPTILIANNE
GARDNA IN DEFENSE MODE!
NEXT I'LL REMOVE
THE CONTINUOUS SPELL SAD STORY
UNWAVERING TRUTH
FROM THE FIELD
SO THAT I CAN BRING
BACK DRAGON QUEEN
OF TRAGIC ENDINGS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
NOW AS LONG AS I HAVE
A CONTINUOUS SPELL ON MY FIELD,
IF MY DRAGON QUEEN
GETS DESTROYED,
I CAN BRING IT BACK
OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
TOO BAD YOUR BLACK ROSE
DRAGON WON'T BE AROUND
TO WITNESS
ITS AMAZING ABILITY!
GO TRAGEDY STREAM!
AND SINCE I SUCCESSFULLY
DESTROYED YOUR PATHETIC BEAST,
I CAN NOW ACTIVATE MY DRAGON
QUEEN'S SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH FORCES YOU TO SELECT
ONE CARD IN YOUR HAND
AND SEND IT
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
NOW THAT THAT'S DONE,
I GET TO DRAW ONE CARD
FROM MY DECK.
HMM.
YOU'RE UP AKIZA.
YES, I AM.
AND I'LL BET
THIS NEXT MOVE'S
GONNA BLOW YOU AWAY.
BY DESTROYING
MY DARK VERGER
WHILE FRAGRANCE STORM
IS IN PLAY, I CAN DRAW
A CARD FROM MY DECK.
NOW IF I'M LUCKY ENOUGH
TO ACTUALLY PICK ANOTHER
PLANT-TYPE MONSTER,
ALL I NEED TO DO
IS SHOW YOU THE CARD
I SELECTED
AND I GET A BONUS DRAW.
HUH?
SO I GUESS
I'LL PICK A CARD.
AND NEXT I'M SUMMONING
COPY PLANT
TO THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE.
AND SINCE I PLAYED
A PLANT-TYPE TUNER
MONSTER,
I GET TO BRING BACK
MY DARK VERGER
FROM THE GRAVEYARD!
PLAY ALL THE WEEDS
YOU WANT, AKIZA,
BECAUSE I'M GONNA
MOW THEM DOWN
ALONG WITH THE REST
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS.
LEO! LUNA!
ARE YOU OK?
YEAH.
SO HOW'S THE DUEL GOING?
AKIZA'S WINNING
RIGHT NOW.
BUT SHE'S NOT
ACTING LIKE HER
NORMAL SELF.
I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
THEN IT'S MY MOVE,
AKIZA.
I DRAW.
THIS DUEL IS OVER!
FROM MY HAND, I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL ADVANCE FORCE!
DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF THIS CARD,
DRAGON QUEEN
OF TRAGIC ENDINGS
COUNTS AS TWO MONSTERS
WHEN IT'S SACRIFICED!
AND THAT LETS ME SUMMON
OUT THIS LITTLE GUY!
PREPARE YOURSELF FOR
THE NETHERWORLD, AKIZA!
COME FORTH,
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
CCARAYHUA!
THAT CAN'T BE GOOD,
CAN IT?
NO, LEO, IT CAN'T.
HA!
AAH!
AH!
[ROAR]
UH!
ARGH...
I WANT TO KNOW THE TRUTH
ABOUT MISTY'S BROTHER,
SAYER!
HMM...
WHY ARE YOU KEEPING HIM
HIDDEN FROM MISTY
AND WHY DID YOU TELL
THE INVESTIGATORS THAT
AKIZA WAS RESPONSIBLE?
I COULDN'T JEOPARDIZE MY WORK
WITH THE MOVEMENT.
AND AKIZA'S TROUBLED PAST
MADE HER THE PERFECT SCAPEGOAT.
I REMEMBER IT
LIKE IT WAS YESTERDAY!
SAYER, THE BOYS'
ELECTRO-STATIC FORCE FIELD
IS NOT REACHING THE LEVELS
YOU REQUESTED.
GIVE HIM SOME TIME!
BUT, SIR, WE'VE BEEN
AT THIS FOR HOURS.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I GUESS THAT TOBY'S POTENTIAL
ISN'T QUITE WHAT WE THOUGHT
IT WOULD BE NOW, IS IT?
SHIP THE SUBJECT OFF
WITH THE OTHER FAILURES.
NOW!
TOBY'S TELEKINETIC ABILITIES
WERE PATHETIC.
HE DIDN'T EVEN COME CLOSE
TO MEETING THE HIGH STANDARDS
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT
REQUIRED.
AKIZA, HOWEVER, WAS ONE
OF MY GREATEST FINDS.
HER POWERS WERE AS STRONG
AS SHE WAS NAIVE.
YOU WON'T GET AWAY
WITH THIS!
YOU'RE THROUGH
RUINING LIVES!
AH...
I'M JUST
GETTING STARTED.
HUH? AH! OH!
ARGH!
HA HA.
STILL HANGING,
ON ARE WE?
WELL, ITS TIME I PUT
AN END TO THAT!
IF YOU THOUGHT AKIZA
WAS POWERFUL,
WAIT TILL YOU SEE
WHAT I CAN DO!
HA HA!
HUH? WHAT ARE YOU
LAUGHING AT?
I'M LAUGHING
AT YOUR PSYCHIC POWERS
AND HOW THEY NEVER
PICKED UP ON THE FACT
THAT OUR ENTIRE CONVERSATION
IS BEING BROADCAST TO MISTY.
HOW'S THAT POSSIBLE?
BEFORE YOU STARTED
BLABBING TO ME,
I ENABLED THE LIVE FEED
FUNCTION ON OUR DUEL DISKS.
AH.
NOW THAT I KNOW
THE TRUTH...
IT WAS YOU...
I WANT TO KNOW WHERE
MY BROTHER IS!
YOUR BROTHER'S BEEN SENT
TO A SECRET LOCATION,
THE COORDINATES OF WHICH
ARE EVER CHANGING.
IN FACT, EVEN I
DON'T KNOW WHERE HE IS.
IN THAT CASE, YOU'RE NOT
WORTH ANYTHING TO ME.
SO PREPARE YOURSELF
FOR THE NETHERWORLD.
DO YOU REALLY THINK
YOU'RE STRONG ENOUGH
TO SEND ME TO
THE NETHERWORLD,
MISTY?
NO, BUT MY EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL IS.
AAH!
HUH?
AH!
UM, GUYS, SAYER, JUST, LIKE,
DISAPPEARED INTO THAT THING?
DEAR BROTHER,
I KNOW YOU'RE OUT
THERE SOMEWHERE.
FORGIVE ME, AKIZA.
IT WASN'T YOUR FAULT.
I AM SO SORRY FOR BLAMING YOU
FOR EVERYTHING THAT HAPPENED.
HUH?
PERHAPS BY FORFEITING
THIS DUEL,
YOU WILL SEE
THAT I AM SINCERE.
AND THEN MAYBE YOU WILL
FIND IT IN YOUR HEART
TO CONTINUE MY QUEST
TO FIND MY BROTHER.
Evil God: I WILL NOT ALLOW YOU
TO END THIS DUEL.
AH! AH!
THE DARKNESS...
THE DARKNESS CONTROLLING ME
IS TOO POWERFUL...
Evil God: YOU MUST DEFEAT HER,
YOU MUST DEFEAT THE SIGNER.
MISTY!
YOU HAVE TO FIGHT THE
DARKNESS INSIDE OF YOU!
AKIZA, SAYER'S NO LONGER
CONTROLLING YOU.
AKIZA!
I KNOW THAT VOICE.
THAT'S YUSEI
CALLING OUT TO ME.
Misty: AKIZA!
I CAN NO LONGER STOP THIS DUEL
WITH MY OWN WILL.
THE DARKNESS IS TOO STRONG.
DON'T GIVE IN!
FIGHT IT, MISTY.
YOU'VE GOT TO FIGHT IT FOR TOBY!
IT'S TOO POWERFUL.
AH! AKIZA, YOU HAVE
TO DEFEAT ME.
I CAN'T FIGHT IT
ANY LONGER.
SO INSTEAD I THINK
I'LL FIGHT YOU, SIGNER,
AND SEND YOU
TO THE NETHERWORLD!
OH, NO, THE DARKNESS
HAS TAKEN OVER HER.
AKIZA!
YOU HAVE NO CHOICE.
YOU HAVE TO FINISH
THIS DUEL!
I'LL DO IT.
YOU'LL DO NOTHING
BUT LOSE!
NOW ATTACK!
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
GROUND CAPTURE!
WITH THIS IN PLAY,
THE DAMAGE THAT I WOULD
HAVE TAKEN IS HALVED.
AH!
AKIZA, NO!
DON'T WORRY, YUSEI.
I MIGHT BE DOWN,
BUT DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF MY TRAP CARD,
I AM DEFINITELY NOT OUT.
IN FACT, I GET TO DRAW
A NEW CARD!
WITH ONLY 200
LIFE POINTS LEFT,
IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT CARD
YOU DREW, AKIZA.
IN FACT, I'M
SO SURE OF THAT
FACT THAT I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
IF I WIN THIS DUEL,
THEN MISTY WILL BE SENT
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
BUT IF CAN I DESTROY
THAT EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL,
MAYBE I CAN DESTROY THE
DARKNESS AND FREE HER.
I'M UP!
DUE TO COPY PLANT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
IT BECOMES
THE SAME LEVEL
AS MY DARK VERGER
UNTIL THE ROUND'S OVER!
NEXT I'M SUMMONING
HEDGE GUARD TO THE
FIELD IN ATTACK MODE!
Duel Runner Computer:
HEDGE GUARD IS A LEVEL 3
EARTH ATTRIBUTE PLANT TYPE
MONSTER
WITH ZERO ATTACK POINTS
AND 2,100 DEFENSE POINTS.
NOW THAT MY GUARD'S
IN PLACE,
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
SHINING REBIRTH!
WITH THIS IN PLAY,
BY SENDING THE REQUIRED
MONSTERS ON THE FIELD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SYNCHRO SUMMON
A SYNCHRO MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD!
SO I SEND LEVEL 2
DARK VERGER,
LEVEL 3 HEDGE GUARD,
AND THE NOW LEVEL 2
COPY PLANT
TO THE GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO
SYNCHRO SUMMON
YOUR IMMORTAL'S
DESTRUCTION!
NOW COME FORTH,
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
WHEN BLACK ROSE DRAGON
IS SUCCESSFULLY
SUMMONED,
IT CAN DESTROY ALL CARDS
ON THE FIELD.
AND DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF SHINING REBIRTH,
BLACK ROSE DRAGON CANNOT
BE DESTROYED THIS TURN.
ARE YOU SURE
YOU WANT TO DO THAT?
BECAUSE BY DEFEATING ME,
YOU'RE DEFEATING MISTY.
I'M NOT GOING AFTER
MISTY'S LIFE POINTS!
I ACTIVATE MY DRAGONS
SPECIAL ABILITY!
NOW TAKE OUT EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL CCARAYHUA!
YOU SEEM TO THINK THAT
YOU'VE OUTSMARTED ME.
WELL, NOTHING CAN BE
FURTHER FROM THE TRUTH
AND YOU'RE ABOUT
TO SEE WHY.
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP CARD
DOOM GAZER!
WITH THIS CARD, WHEN AN EFFECT
THAT DESTROYS A CARD ON
THE FIELD IS ACTIVATED,
FOR EVERY CARD DESTROYED
AND SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
YOU TAKE 300 POINTS
OF DAMAGE.
SO WITH 7 CARDS DESTROYED,
AKIZA,
YOU'RE ABOUT TO LOSE THE LAST
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
THIS MATCH IS OVER!
AKIZA, LISTEN.
YOU OWE IT TO THE SIGNERS.
YOU MUST KEEP FIGHTING.
ARE YOU SURE?
SAVE YOURSELF.
IT'S OK.
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP CARD,
NATURE'S REFLECTION,
AND WITH IT
I CAN REFLECT
YOUR CARDS EFFECT.
THIS CANNOT BE! AH!
IF YOU EVER FIND MY BROTHER,
THEN TELL HIM...
HIS BIG SISTER LOVES HIM.
[ROARING]
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
AKIZA!
PLEASE SAY SOMETHING!
AKIZA, WHERE
ARE YOU GOING?
TOBY...
I'M SORRY I BRUSHED YOU OFF
WHEN WE FIRST MET.
I PROMISE TO MAKE UP
FOR IT.
AKIZA...
HEY EVERYBODY,
CHECK OUT THE SUN.
WE'RE TOO LATE!
ITS SETTING,
AND THE LAST TOWER
HASN'T BEEN SEALED.
AT LEAST
ALL THE PEOPLE
THAT WERE ABSORBED
BY THAT EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL HAVE BEEN
RETURNED RIGHT?
WHOA!
ARE WE BACK HOME?!
SURE LOOKS LIKE IT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE MADE IT.
[RUMBLING]
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
WHY IS THE EARTH SHAKING?
LOOK OVER THERE,
EVERYONE.
ITS COMING FROM
NEW DOMINO CITY!
ANOTHER DARK SIGNER?
BUT WHO COULD IT BE?
I DON'T KNOW, YUSEI,
BUT I HAVE A FEELING
WE'RE ABOUT TO FIND OUT.